Add Distributions Page (#2182)
matrix-org/matrix.org: content/ecosystem/distributions/index.md

+++
title = "Distributions"
template = "ecosystem/distributions.html"
weight = 1
extra.summary = """

> A Matrix distribution is a collection of software related to Matrix that are deployed and automatically configured to work together. The software deployed needs to be able to join and participate in the public federation if the administrator configures it for this purpose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Matrix distribution is a collection of software related to Matrix that is deployed and automatically configured so the different pieces integrate with one another. To appear on this list, users need to be able to join and participate in the public federation from an instance of a distribution if the administrator configures it for this purpose.
```
